README.md, before:

# Governance WORKING DRAFT <!-- omit in toc -->

The official governance model for all the projects in the dasher project

- [Roles](#roles)
  - [Stewards](#stewards)
  - [Maintainer](#maintainer)
  - [Contributor](#contributor)
- [Resources](#resources)

# Roles

We have a identified a few roles within the project. Each individual involved in the project acts within one of these roles.

## Stewards

The current steward of the project is [Ace Centre](http://acecentre.org.uk/). Ace Centre currently delegates two individuals to act as stewards on their behalf. Currently the stewards are [Gavin Henderson](https://acecentre.org.uk/about/staff/gavin-henderson) and [Will Wade](https://acecentre.org.uk/about/staff/will-wade).

## Maintainer

Maintainers, are responsible for helping to triage issues,

There is a time committment involved in

Here is a list of maintainers and codebases they maintain:

## Contributor

A contributor is anyone who contributes to the project. Contributions are not limited to code changes. Joining in a discussion, opening an issue, giving feedback and writing docs are all considered as 'contributions'.

Everyone is welcome as a contributor.

# Resources

This governance document was created using the following resources.

- [NodeJS Governance](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#collaborator-activities)
- [Open Source Guide](https://opensource.guide/leadership-and-governance/)
- [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/guide-to-open-source-project-governance-models-overview)
- OSS Watch
  - [Meritocratic Governance Model](http://oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/meritocraticgovernancemodel)
  - [Benevolent Dictator Governance Model](http://oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/benevolentdictatorgovernancemodel)
- [Healthy Open Source](https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/healthy-open-source-967fa8be7951)

Commit message:

Create funding section in the governance document

README.md, after:

# Governance WORKING DRAFT <!-- omit in toc -->

The official governance model for all the projects in the dasher project

- [Roles](#roles)
  - [Stewards](#stewards)
  - [Maintainer](#maintainer)
  - [Contributor](#contributor)
- [Funding](#funding)
- [Resources](#resources)

# Roles

We have a identified a few roles within the project. Each individual and organizations involved in the project acts within one of these roles.

## Stewards

The current steward of the project is [Ace Centre](http://acecentre.org.uk/). Ace Centre currently delegates two individuals to act as stewards on their behalf. Currently the stewards are [Gavin Henderson](https://acecentre.org.uk/about/staff/gavin-henderson) and [Will Wade](https://acecentre.org.uk/about/staff/will-wade).

## Maintainer

Maintainers, are responsible for helping to triage issues,

There is a time committment involved in

Here is a list of maintainers and codebases they maintain:

## Contributor

A contributor is anyone who contributes to the project. Contributions are not limited to code changes. Joining in a discussion, opening an issue, giving feedback and writing docs are all considered as 'contributions'.

Everyone is welcome as a contributor.

# Funding

Dasher Project, requires a significant amount of engineering resources to add new features and improve the project. Unfortunately we can not always rely on the generosity of engineers donating their free time, or outside companies donating their engineering resource.

Ace Centre will apply for funding on behalf of the Dasher Project. All funding received will be paid to Ace Centre who will then invest funds directly back into the Dasher Project.

When spending the funding we will always allow existing maintainers and contributors the opportunity to get paid in exchange for their time completing pre agreed work. If no existing maintainers or contributors are available to complete the work we will look for outside contractors to complete the work using the funding.

When appropriate Ace Centre will use some of the money to cover the cost of future time invested in the Dasher Project. When this is done it will be explicit. We will prioritize new features and development over covering our costs.

All funding received and spent will be done in a public manner. There will be open discussions about funding and spending on our communication channels. However, we will explicitly maintain a spending log for each financial year in this repository. See below the spending/funding logs:

- [FY2022](./FY2022.md)

# Resources

This governance document was created using the following resources.

- [NodeJS Governance](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/master/GOVERNANCE.md#collaborator-activities)
- [Open Source Guide](https://opensource.guide/leadership-and-governance/)
- [Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/guide-to-open-source-project-governance-models-overview)
- OSS Watch
  - [Meritocratic Governance Model](http://oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/meritocraticgovernancemodel)
  - [Benevolent Dictator Governance Model](http://oss-watch.ac.uk/resources/benevolentdictatorgovernancemodel)
- [Healthy Open Source](https://medium.com/the-node-js-collection/healthy-open-source-967fa8be7951)
